but i ba ba ba ba da ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba Jimmy Kimmel Live hello fellow corner
teenagers and historians from the future
looking back to see where it all went
wrong I'm Jimmy Kimmel on day 14 a day
that was supposed to be opening day for
baseball but that is obviously postponed
wearing my cap my shirt
fans have had to adjust players have had
to adjust the Houston Astros were forced
to steal signals from home today it's
probably for the best I don't know that
I could handle the coronavirus and the
Mets at the same time but it is in times
like these that we remember who the real
heroes are and this is from Atlanta
every night the hospital workers in
neighborhood do a shift change the
locals who are holed up in their
apartments have been showing their
appreciation for their work
[Applause]
I love that that's great the you know
these people are risking their lives to
save ours and please make sure to thank
them help them with supplies if you
can't support them in any way possible
we're all trying our best to fill our
days and nights right now but that could
be especially challenging when you have
kids one of the writers on my show guy
named Jesse Jesse and his son to pass
the time have been reading the Where's
Waldo books which are fun you know they
probably never bothered anyone ever
until now because the Where's Waldo
books are a social distancing nightmare
I mean look at this this is Waldo's trip
to the beach Jesse said he took a look
at all these cartoon people crowded
together and became immediately enraged
and then you turn the page and look
where he is now on a cruise ship what is
wrong with Waldo and that's the last
place he should be looking and look at
the people look at this set this sailor
has obviously been stricken by the virus
and then I guess Waldo makes it off the
ship alive but guess where he goes
directly to the airport and as if this
wasn't already nightmarish enough guess
who they found angrily waiting for his
luggage at baggage claim that's right
Hitler Adolf Hitler who the CDC
recommends you stay at least eight feet
away from anyway my point is you
answered the question Where's Waldo
should be in the house on the couch okay
you know if you've been watching these
videos I've been making every night you
know that I've been encouraging those
with creative ideas to pass the time to
send us your videos with the hashtag
Quarren time killer and we began some
great stuff from all over the world in
fact and it's time now to share some of
that great stuff with the chlorin time
killer of the night
[Music]
very well done
imagine having to go to the hospital
right now for that we wait you were
doing what meanwhile in Italy things are
improving but they're still locked down
they are not however letting that get in
the way of one of their most cherished
traditions this is video of an Italian
gentleman who despite the order to stay
home went out for his morning coffee
anyway no no boy
I thought and guess what they still
spelled his name wrong back here at home
our meatball of a president is pushing
back against reports that he's going
stir-crazy he wrote I hear that fake
news CNN just reported that I am
isolated in the White House wondering
out loud when will life returned to
normal does anybody really believe that
I do yes of course he wants this thing
over the only thing he liked about being
president was doing his half-cocked
stand-up routine in monster-truck venues
he went on to tweet I have been packed
all day with meetings I have no time for
stupidity well you know what that is not
that's not nice poor Eric all he wanted
to do was check in on dad we may be
running low on mass but there are plenty
of tinfoil hats to go around right now
there's a far-right conspiracy
circulating that claims dr. Anthony
Fauci has been secretly plotting with
Hillary Clinton to destroy the economy
and undermine the trump presidency
that's right maybe the virus came from
Hillary's computer anyone who's ever
read a book is trying to undermine
Trump's presidency although I can see
why people might suspect Hillary Clinton
you know she did
our quarantining in the woods a very
long time ago with all that's going on
over the past couple of weeks virus wise
I feel like we've almost forgotten about
the presidential election and there's a
guy who's running in that election he
used to be the vice president of the
United States and he is standing by to
speak now hello Joe Biden what's that
how do you have on a New York Mets it's
supposed to be opening day Oh
opening day Wow you know what this is
not the way to win voters mr. Rosner but
it's a way to be able to sleep with my
wife
she's a Philly girl always I'd be out of
luck man all right man are we in your
man cave right now is that is this your
locker
no this used to be a nice recreation
room for everyone but it's now that they
turn it into a studio or a semi studio
so you are are you
quarantined or are you able to stay away
from people during this time well I'm
not I'm not officially quarantine but
I'm trying to follow the rules here I'm
not going out I'm just keeping distance
we have folks who come in and from the
Secret Service on but they wear masks
and gloves and you know we try to do it
by the numbers do you cook at all do you
help out within that area I clean you
Clichy
dinner I just had it it just has some
flounder but I cleaned that's my job as
my daughter said when we were when she
was a little girl she said you know
every your daddy always comes home on
Monday nights because mommy goes to
graduate school does your daddy cooks
his he can only boil water and make
pisghetti that's the only thing I'm any
good at I can boil water may called
auntie spaghetti that's it you know I
don't know if you saw this but Trump
tweeted a video of you coughing do you
think he's worried about you
well I think he's worried about my
health probably he's very handsome
he's always looked out for me what do
you doing all day is it all work all
work on the campaign or rest have things
slowed down considerably well you know
I heard you on another broadcast they
showed me you and you know I thought
there would be some time but I literally
Jimmy I'm on the phone from we start off
with a brief of last between 40 minutes
and an hour and a half with my my
healthcare team and the folks you know
dr. Martha the former Surgeon General
the former dr. Kessler former the head
of the FDA and a group of experts give
me an update they go through a detailed
analysis of what's going around the
world for me with the hell on health
side and then after that I meet with a
group of mechanize don't meet I have a
telephone conference with that goes on
for an hour with the economic experts on
my staff the economists and others who
work with me and just so I'm I'm current
and I spent a lot of time talking to
governors and mayors and and members of
Congress about what's going on and so on
and anyway I can be helpful do you ever
speak of being helpful do you ever think
about calling Trump and suggesting ways
that he could he could do better well
you know all kidding aside what I did I
put out I laid out in detail what I
thought had to be done the coronavirus
is not his fault but the lack of
alacrity and there's the speed with
which responding to these things I think
is could be improved considerably so I
laid out an about two weeks ago a
detailed plan and I literally said I
said it I that that I hope I hope the
president you takes a look at it and if
he finds things do this they're good
like for example I call for the defense
production act to be and to be used to
be implemented by the President and
things like that and but by the way a
number of his experts are I'm in the
same page with like dr. Fauci and others
I see now why wouldn't he put that into
action why wouldn't he get businesses
going making masks and gloves in
whatever we need right now
honest to god Jimmy I don't know because
III thought that you know he has that
power he said he was going to be a
wartime
mandarin chief during this period but it
hasn't done what is this rational to do
it seems to me look the only thing we
know and we spent a lot of time with is
the bola crisis when in our
administration we found out that what
you have to do is everything that speed
matters faster is better than slower no
matter what you're implementing remember
all the way back in January Jimmy the
Intelligence Committee I didn't know it
because I wasn't able to be briefed said
the corona virus is coming it's a
problem I wrote a piece back in on
January 17 saying we should get ready
for this it's happening in China and
around the world it's going to happen
here and you know or yeah III don't
quite understand the lack of willingness
to move rapidly and to let science
dictate no I'm not being facetious
that's what I don't understand but maybe
you know there is a part of him that
when someone someone who he considers to
be an opponent says something he has to
do the opposite it could be a simple and
childish as that were you aware when he
disbanded the pandemic response team
were you aware of that when it happened
or did that fly under the radar that
that sort of Florida the I didn't know
it at the time at the moment it happened
but I learned it a long time ago they
disbanded it now I don't understand it
and and I don't understand for example
when he was talking about China
initially talking about I was cheating
ping had done this great job and
everything was working really well and
and I and I wasn't the only one
suggested that we send people in our
experts into China see for ourselves it
turned out we had a person in China
working for the president that in fact
he brought home I just don't I I'm gonna
loss to figure out why it was that he
has been again the virus is not his
fault but the lack of elected the lack
of speed of responding to these things
still still like you know now he's
talking about opening up you know the
economy by by Easter I mean
I don't know you know that that's a
false choice the idea you're gonna be
able to keep the economy going without
dealing with the crisis we learned today
what do we have now over three million
unemployment claims today I mean as of
today it's going to just keep climbing
we now have a rate of escalation of
those who are acquiring the corona virus
that has exceeded now China and exceeds
in other countries at their peak I mean
it just is it's just I I and I make no
sense I make no secret of the fact that
I hope that he is signing up for
unemployment come November you you've
said that you will choose a female
running mate how many up names have you
would hold it down and how many people
are you considering well we're just
getting started I'm putting together the
committee like I I spoke with President
Obama about how he put together his
committee how many people he had to
determine and what what he was looking
for in a vice president and and so we're
putting together that group of people
who will head it and then who will be
doing the interviewing but I'm what I've
realized and I tell you the truth I
didn't focus on it at first is that I
have to get the background checks
beginning I have to get that started now
it sounds somewhat presumptuous because
Bernie's still in the race so it's not
like you know is almost I feel almost
guilty taking anyway but but it has to
start and it will start and they'll
probably be somewhere in excess of
between five and seven people because a
lot of qualified people out there is one
of them Sarah Palin is she on your list
I asked her she doesn't want to be
asking like no or Sarah she said no is
it possible that Trump could postpone
the presidential election no he doesn't
have the authority to do that now it's
possible they may start a drumbeat
saying that she'd be postponed but you
know Jon Meacham who's become a friend
as a historian pointed out that we're in
a position where we've we've had
elections in the middle of the Civil War
during the Civil War and during World
War One World War two what happened with
the
virus in 97
democracy and and and dealing with this
crisis have to be able to be done at the
same time and what I think you're going
to see more of Jimmy is I think you're
gonna see more of what Amy Globo char
has been proposing that is being able to
vote early in your areas and by mail I
think we're gonna see more of that
happening as well is she on your list
she is fully qualified to be a president
do you think Trump will debate you or do
you think he will try to dodge that I
don't know I hope we debate I'm looking
forward to that of course I'm being
presumptuous too you know Bernie Sanders
is still running and maybe he's looking
at running made candidates wait before
you go and I appreciate you taking time
to to talk I understand you've prepared
a song for us I've seen President Obama
sing worth a damn
okay my dad used to my mom my dad who
was a well-read high school educated guy
used to have a band and he'd look at me
once then he played the clarinet in the
sax and they say Joey I don't know where
the hell you came from you have no lip
meaning I couldn't play an instrument
yeah tulip you can't carry tuna will
bear but I love you anyway I'm the only
one of my firm has zero Talent zero I
play the clarinet myself oh do you
really I'll tell you it didn't it didn't
it didn't do me many favors in the
dating Department when I was in high
school but it's fun I don't know about
that so you each night we've been doing
these monologues from my house because
we can't go into work obviously and we
want to set a good example and also keep
people entertained a possible and each
night I've been duped making donation to
a charity and you are the guest the
guest gets to pick the charity and what
charity have you selected for us one of
the big and I actually knew you're gonna
ask me this question it's the
firefighters and as the fight is called
foundation dot I AFF International
Association of firefighters dot org
these are the folks who have the
ambulances that had
they've the first responders they show
up in fires they show up in crises and
they're exposed to everything they have
now over 2,000 people affected by the
virus they're in a position where the
what happened was the in the package
that is designed to help deal with these
crises and economic package there was a
significant help for the fire for the
police officers but only one-tenth of
that for the firefighters I don't think
it was intentional I'm a big supporter
of law enforcement but the point is that
I think they need help and they need
help because they're the ones who are
picking those folks up whether they're
dragging them out of a burning car or
whether there's someone they get called
to go into the hospital and I think
that's what I would do the International
Association of firefighters their lives
are more at risk right now than than
ever I think that's that's a good one
and I and if I make it if I make a very
generous donation will you ask your
people to stop emailing me twelve times
a day
Thank You mr. vice president we step out
thank you well give my best year there
wife getting as frustrated with you as
my wife's getting with me Oh dogs in my
wife she wants me to get out I think
maybe you know what I mean yeah you know
what right now the kids are driving my
wife crazy so I'm kind of in a way I'm
in a good position because they are
right now much more annoying than day
I'm in contact with every one of my
grandkids and my son and my daughter so
but by day this is matter of fact my son
Bo's children live a mile away as the
crow flies they walk over through the
woods and through a neighborhood and
they sit out in the backyard and two
chairs and I sit up on the porch and we
have our conversations because I'm not
allowed to go hug them I miss it that's
hard I bet you do I hope it's I hope
you're able to hug them soon so anyway
thank you very much Jimmy thanks I
appreciate it
thank you Joe Biden thank you for
watching don't forget tomorrow is formal
Friday get all dressed up for a night on
the town
I mean couch and send us pictures with
the hash tag this hash tag on your
screen formal Friday we'll celebrate
together tomorrow
be well stay positive and for the love
of God don't touch anyone at all